Update the pull request template (#1165)
chaos-polymtl/lethe: doc/source/contributing.rst

* Verify that the pull request meets the requirement described above regarding testing and the format of the pull request.
* Give the review in a timely manner.

Description
-----------

> Without explicit request to the merger, all commits will be squashed when merging. The pull request description will be the only remaining description of the changes left in the code history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without explicit request to the person responsible for merging the PR, all commits will be squashed when merging. The pull request description will be the only remaining description of the changes left in the code history.
```
